Thank you.
It is the dress, Mr. Chairman, to you.
On this dated June 17, 1954, and I now read it, here is the chairman.
Much has been said during recent days of the hearings about certain incidents
which occurred during the days immediately before and after warings and spread things.
In response to his suggestion by Mr. Wells, the committee has agreed to accept
from the short 90th statement of the fact that I appreciate this opportunity.
Abort mid-afternoon on February 8, 1954, General Matthew D. Ritzway, Army Keeper staff,
and I call upon Senator Simonton.
The senator has suggested to me a few days previously that he would like to talk to the chief of staff and to me.
Having known Senator Simon for many years and been well aware of his waiting in the military,
I have invited the opportunity to do with him a number of the armed services committee,
some of the problems that I have faced in the Army.
I met a phone, Mr. Clifford, and so advised him.
I had no contact with Mr. Clifford thereafter.
My statement covering this liquor matter was released in the fest on the afternoon of February 21,
and I transmitted a copy of the statement by cable at my personal expense to Senator Simonton in Paris.
On February 22, Washington's birthday, Senator Mondin, and I attended the Freedom Foundation exercise at Valley for its Pennsylvania.
We discussed this record matter as considerable length.
It never occurred to me to mention that I had met Senator Simonton's lawyer, Mr. Clifford,
and the senator's office on the previous Friday afternoon.
Little did I think the 20-minute conversation would be blown out as it has been.
On February 23, with members of my staff, I worked in preparing my statement on this record case,
which I expected to deliver to the subcommittee of the meeting which had been scheduled by Senator McCarthy for the following Thursday, February 25.
Late in the afternoon of that day, I was called at home by Senator Mondin,
who invited me to a lunch and the next day with the Republican members of this committee.
He said that I should not bring anyone with me and should not discuss the matter with anyone.
I now restate my previous testimony before this committee as to my attitude toward the lunch in February 24.
I stated on page 1457 of the transcripts that I was told unhappy, period, about the results of the lunch.
Senator Dirkson will also remember that I talked with him privately after we left the meeting.
I want to give to know of my feeling that a great mistake is in May.
This is this discussion to place on the steps of the Capitol, and his weekend is referred to in the first sentence of my phone call of February 25,
with the senator which is already in the record.
With respect to the memorandum of understanding of February 24, with Senator Mondin before this morning,
I now state the point number four leads with follows.
In view of the four-gling memorandum of understanding, the hearings for them all have been canceled.
The cancellation of the hearings was fully covered in the first conference at the end of the lunch and the meeting.
12 days later when Senator Simon didn't call me on March 8 about the shine matter, I wish to be an interesting person that's not as difficult as possible.
It seemed to me there were many other more important problems.
I am stated the seriousness of the situation and the hope that it would not be necessary to send the details to the Congress.
Rapidly mounting pressure, however, was such that his rate flag making a statement of respect to the Congress shortly thereafter.
I thank you for this opportunity to make this statement a part of the record, some dearly yours Robert T. Stephen Secretary of the Army.
Mr. Chairman, I would like to offer, but not read, if I may, a communication in the form of a cable from General Weber,
who, as you know, left his room to think his European command.
It is not foreign evidence, but it is a statement by cable.
I would appreciate if it would be received by the committee and given that way as they seem, is entitled to.
In there, just a little bit of a statement, Mr. Love, as you may receive it, I'm going to have other statements to figure it out in our second session tomorrow.
Mr. Chairman, I just have other statements there.
I suppose we have heard Mr. Stephen's statement. I think there is some very interesting factors for us.
There are some contradictions of statements he made in the amount of the telephone call, further indications of what would be contradictory testimony.
I think it says this under oath.
I think it points up very well.
The rule of the wife rule was that the committee had followed of only having testimony taken under oath, and I personally feel so that from this point on,
certainly we should have nothing more in the like of it, from witnesses, vice-president, committed under oath.
Mr. Chair, I would like to mention a certain measure of respond for the point that I say, if you do not plan to make it a rule, certainly, to accept any testimony,
but you're not taking under oath, to chair make the rule, which is responsibility of the second committee to rule, that the motion by Senator Potter to suspend the rule for this purpose of this one subject alone,
and so that statement I'm sure is not going to be followed by a statement.
Second statement, this is the second statement, it will be a subject for the committee.
I think suggestion of Mr. Will, for our consideration, as the second statement, we can't accept.
I'm going to call him and we'll have a right to meet.
Senator Panagin?
I just want to present to the Chair in a distraction of the second wife, when he was not on the rule of some time earlier today,
he brought up and served as the last secretary of the Secretary of the Mission Park Service, and therefore I think that he set a precedent with the事 and what he said,
and I think Mr. Will, after you read about it, would also suffer in the name of the letter.
The letter, in many ways, is a time that I think a time in time, and time has come a time in this in too many.
Then, I think a time in, there always comes a time in any law to it, no matter how long it is, when some lawyers there,
rather than for it in a courtroom, I will, and those lawyers, by now, may.
At a time, I can remember to the committee have any questions asked, so there wasn't before we dismissed it.
We will start round the table, bottom is like that, you go ahead.
I do any further questions to ask to the...
Well, I will come to you, if you don't have any.
I'm a thank you to everybody who asked to look at this for the first time.
I would care to say that, developing problems and suggestions that they might like to say, a word is true, that includes the majority.
Not that we have agreed that there are any no more questions, so it's a moment of the...
Committee have a...
So, the choice word is true to say is, we conclude this business.
I suggest they withhold them now, and they will find out whether there are any other questions to be asked.
After that, they shall recognize any member of the committee, or any state that you might want to make.
Are there any questions that you would like to ask to the written committee?
No, very question, Mr. Chair.
Chair, there is no question that asked, but this time has been a long time.
Senator...
No question.
Senator Simon.
Yes, I'd like to ask.
Sorry.
We've got a few questions, but this time has been a long time.
Senator, as we complete these hearings, last evening, 36 days, we realize the repercussions have reached into every section of the country,
and that there are very results concerning the charges and the countercharges.
I think that the people who may be aroused emotionally over this hearing, but I'm sure they are more concerned about the future activities to eliminate all subversives from the federal government.
And so, at that point, I ask you what your plans are for continuing your true state on behalf of the subcommittee,
and to what extent do you expect to go operate with the Department of the Army and the various agencies and heroes in the executive branch of the government?
I think that it's very vital to know at this time, in behalf of the millions of Americans who have listened to these hearings and observed the post-statings,
over to these who have an expression from you as to your future planning.
Senator, what's that?
I think so.
Well, there's certainly, and I can't post them now, as they call the hearings.
I will play them for as much as I can. We have a number of hearings of humblings.
May I say that I have promised Mr. McCrathy back here that I'll take off about three days and do nothing.
I kept relaxed after this.
I think perhaps one of the hearings that could first be held, I hope we can start by the immediate late,
but the hearings of which, under a potter is a chairman, hearing having to do with American citizens still being held in communist prison camps.
Some of them, some World War I, as I said, are they the chairman?
Number two, I think one of the extremely important hearings that we should do with them is the exposure of communist and defense plan.
The defense plan, you know, a handle, a handle, a secret topic of material.
Number three, I hope that I can get this committee.
I don't want to start an argument on that now.
I hope I can get this, and let's get into many to agree with me, that we should call the members of an old-worldly boy,
they're no longer acting in the world, they have been dispanded by Bob Stevens, very wise acting as part of things.
And find out what they are doing, how they handling secret topics, secret other material.
And I think the American people should know why over the past five, six, eight, ten years,
they were sending people with courthouse communist records into our secret plan.
Another matter, I think, is the express case.
I would like to know the names of the American people, see why they say I, I'd like to put them in the record.
The names of those who gave the special consideration to a man who was a graduate of a come to leadership school,
we have one of the hearing centers which I believe is being now handled by the shape art committee that had to do with the alleged blast corruption fraud and some last-composite records.
There will be a very important question of whether or not we can join to the alleged communist infiltration of CIA,
or what authority, what we have there.
Also the question of what of anything we should do and we go into alleged communist infiltration of the atomic and hydrogen bomb plan.
And we have to say that's an action of our own for signing from now, different and many things.
I thought he made a microphone suggestion and that matter came up.
He suggested that I take that matter up with the White House.
The chairman of other nut they would give a full cooperation whether or not they felt this would endanger national security because of the many subjects which could not be stressed publicly.
The life of Dom I was convinced of that time.
I was convinced of that time that if a not really national interest to go into the matter of the communist can hydrogen bomb plants.
Many other subjects that we have pending but I think that the high points of the subject are addressed yet.
The people who have followed these hearings for several weeks are wondering whether the occurrences of the bill will which have been engendered between the Department of the Army and probably the staff of this optimist will be reflected in future activities.
Or what extent will that be complete cooperation in trying to expose and root out SBNRs within the federal government.
Can you tell us very briefly I don't want to prolong this hearing but I think that we have had disagreements.
We have had some misunderstandings but I think that the people will feel there has been an obvious waste of time in holding these hearings unless there will be forthcoming some assurances that we will move forward in these important and vital efforts to move out SBNRs within the federal government.
And that to accomplish this we must have the push to operate.
As long as I say I will just try and take 30 seconds.
My last thing number one that I have no ill will. I will even remove place against anyone in the Department of the Army.
I hope that we can work out with cooperation number one number two.
I say some here that our difficulty has not been with the uniform that except with the Q-Rex.
Our difficulty is hang with the old 100 grams of civilian power between from think that they should be running here.
As far as the military men I can stand in the men uniform. I think we can safely assume that much more than 99% of good loyal Americans willing to fight from dire to their country.
I don't know I just hope we can work out some formula for my men and people can know what's going on without any way in danger and national security.
I think that you have taken less time. You have wasted less time than any man including myself.
And then of this committee I think that you have these efforts that I normally would expect you to be interrupting and if all of us come here and use the constraints that you have used.
We have another year many days before the day and that's investigating coming. Well I can say to you Senator McCharge that the reason I haven't taken very much time is not because of a lack of interest on my tonight and I need both cities.
I have been vitally interested for our things that we have far more important business for instance for safton who now the Florida Senate.
We had a twenty nine billion dollar defense appropriation bill and here we have immobilized eight senators who were not permitted to participate in the discussion and even in the marking up of that important bill.
And so I want merely to stress that I think the major consideration at that time is to close the ranks and eliminate misunderstanding and the disagreements which have developed on this important question so that we can give assurances to the American people.
That in spending these billions of dollars on national defense we must not be unaware of the importance of having an afraid of core and having the congressional committees and the officials in the executive department fully cooperating to ensure and adequate national defense in these crucial times.
Senator May I again take thirty seconds and I think I can agree for further with what you said I think one of the well we have an immobilized that's not time of that simply from the committee.
In that getting far down charges I think that one of the very very good things that comes in the comments.
One of the most important things has been the result of television.
I've been receiving seven or eight thousand letters a day.
I think and now it's some of the how many twenty twenty two million people having the Senate committee in a section in their living room watching the Senate committee they realize how badly and how dishonestly distorted.
Here's the news by a few an emphasize a few because they've asked the mother of working class years.
I think I like competent oil people but how a few of the comments have succeeded in deceiving the American people and I think that's one of the good things that comes in the sense that carrying some good work that I don't think the time is all been wasted.
That's all Mr. Justice.
One point for the hearing's concordant I guess that's that now.
Now that you can understand the foundation of the way of the unity you've been in family and project family I think it might be appropriate there to it in concordance.
For us the best person in COS contains on the last part of the end of the room which I have prepared there inside of the official communist party line on the coffee and they can say articles from the daily work or another communist party publications which indicates that the number one
of the communist movement the communist conspiracy is looking to destroy this nation.
I've been high-techity participated in by you and the warning to see what can give them to the American people for a period of years.
And in following the sanctions of those and to various other items in communist publications I want to close on that note.
But I think it's tribute so somebody goes for a long and period of time very little money.
It's that kind of severe and takes a very much time.
Mr. Chairman, one thing I would like to introduce to you is the record that I don't want to explain to you.
The constitution of the communist party, the peaceful party, the communist party, the top writing, giving me objective of the party of the two-page document.
I'd like to give you a document after the time I ate.
I got it in the middle.
That's my name.
My name is Lecci.
You have a newspaper to mark your party.
I have nothing for it.
I've been probably dismissed from it.
You probably call on the numbers and the committee has any statements to make.
I can check out that in a cascading with the other statement to make before you dismiss.
Mr. Chairman, the only statement to the other question.
The only statement I have to make, Mr. Cameron, was a very brave.
Well, here, there was an unfinished investigation.
There has been a demonstration.
I think it's considerable.
The investigation is going to take a long time.
Unless we can get the four Republicans on the big gun or pass.
We're together doing this task that I think is important to me on the earth.
There's much we can do.
It'll be completely impossible for me as a chairman.
They're doing an effective job of digging out the communism's corruption,
treason, our staff has been working on.
Unless we do have, finally, at this late date, some type of full-hearted cooperation
with my men and my friends, my Republican friends, I have them.
I'm not afraid of them, I assure you.
I have been very, very happy.
A thick and sweet full-hearted cooperation of the Republican members on the committee.
I have asked them over the past year, more than last, to take on very just a reasonable job.
In fact, I've asked them to take on the most just a reasonable job.
It's one that everyone's doing myself.
And they have a way to do that.
They've done those jobs well.
Some fairly folks, but now, my Democrat friends and I can forget about the,
oh, I don't like your word business.
But I think of course as that, that's a thousand Democrats here.
And if we can all get down to doing this job, say, for example,
some of them are calling the righty Democrat members.
And I have worked very closely for a number of years,
while he was chairman, and then while I was chairman,
we think of lost balance.
I think the fact that we lost that cooperation has been a great damage to some place.
I just hope that we can regain it.
And all I can say is that the five times is fine.
Well, we know the backwards.
We're everything humanly possible.
It works with our done-up-out friends so we can have a good,
going working committee, which I think we must have Mr. Chairman,
which I think we must have.
If this Congress is to do the job that we're supposed to do,
then we act as a workdog,
nothing happens if people know about his happening.
I think they must be Americans, people know what is going on.
Then a republic does not have long to live.
Great.
The work we saw yesterday, I'm trying to get this over here.
I've got the essence of this work.
That's those for the market.
Yes, I have thought those were in the country.
I really can't because the end is, say, what do you do under when including?
You may step down and do it.
And thank you.
The chair will say that you will recognize these two best colleagues
and councilors, councilors,
if they can't say something now in conclusion,
I will say that we have no witness before it,
and the witness has made his decision first.
Chair, I'll be very first, say, don't think I'm ready, statement, in which.
My line is to appear that I would like to reiterate now.
I said these hearings are best combined with an unfulfilled of those.
Nothing has occurred since that service along the road
which has changed my evaluation of the kind of business we are in debt.
I said the members of the Subcommittee are, however, resolved
to accept our individual and collective responsibilities that do our best.
To adjudicate and resolve this unfulfilled affair.
I face this, the members of the committee,
each according to his own life,
above his own self, as in Debra,
and the anti-antifference of this.
The chair will say that his authority is concerned.
He believes we have reduced the potential for that.
So he's sent you unnecessary in the writing of a report.
The chair believes that his authority is concerned
the American audience.
From twenty-name we are told I'm radio and television.
No money, no harmony, more millions, I'm the press.
I follow these hearings more carefully and more generally.
In any hearing there was before I was on Capitol Hill.
I can assure our friends in the audience that they know what we know.
And that I request to be based on facts which have met the eye or 50 years
of everybody's intelligence following the language.
And to guard the chair's concern he once was himself.
To turn the time back to the teeth together along Christmas and change the government.
When those change in everything comes in here for the Anomars,
you believe that you'll be able to do his part in writing a report.
Was it happening?
We can agree to have a one-packing report.
Or whether it's more real or if it's a two-packed report.
We will find ourselves writing two reports or perhaps different viewpoints
from different individuals.
So I'd like to say one thing about a thing is that hearing which has been discussed
is a great piece.
And that is the fact that we have frequently diverged.
And what we're always knowing the basic issues.
That there have been bureaucracies and evictions nobody would find.
Most of those have evolved around a significant dispute.
Very honest men have a perfect right to do.
And very honest men have been different in the business, the self-governance,
and the very same stuff.
Those are differences involved in the functions and the rights and the belonging
and the functional connection and the functions and the relatives exactly.
And while it may appear to some that arguments we catch, annotations and heated.
And sometimes unhappily personal.
Our reflection on our American system of government
is that share of all these fighting reverts to be the truth.
We suffer in America.
Our arguments are an exchange of viewpoints.
Sometimes heated.
Sometimes unhappily questions.
But we don't suffer them as you do.
We don't suffer them at several points.
We don't suffer them with group violence.
We suffer them by an appeal to the mind.
I think too that we should recognize that we are fortunate in this country
that we can adjudicate a difference of this time openly, publicly,
even though it takes a tremendous amount of time.
And the chair is opinion that's a demonstration that Americanism and freedom
and self-government in this country are made the pretty sturdy stuff.
I just said from those two people that this is a disgraceful spectacle
because people disagree.
And I joined those two people that just is a much further way to settle this view.
And there's a fine flow of doors in our star chain recession.
One other thing.
I think these hearings have helped make clear to millions of Americans
who haven't thought about the subject as they went to high school.
That the first political power in America
are not one stream flowing as a mighty river.
Instead we find them breaking open little rivers,
a little stream with intertwined and twisted and turned.
Sometimes joining, going down some narrow roads through all of these,
the lines are clearly defined.
And sometimes spreading in the broad valley where it's difficult to know
just where the lines of authority are, or where the power should be channeled.
And I think to those who help,
to the hearings to discuss those issues for a while,
because as we bring to bear the collective mind of America
and those problems, we'll have to solidify the forces of freedom.
So perhaps when history is written, it will be the irrelevance.
And it's a great, that's currently to be the most constructive basis
of this country ready rather than the arguments devoted to some specific points.
It takes time, it takes tradition,
it takes the force of circumstance to define the flow of political power
down definitely established camp.
I think we can all rejoice.
That we don't have it to find as clear as they have it as a reference.
Whether it's never any dispute, whether executive is a pain,
and the legislative is a crime.
I think we can rejoice in the fact.
We don't have a hearing that has it from happily in fact.
Whether executive is a profit or a facility,
and whether the legislative part has become a敷tion since strong,
and once the veto is executive for free to hold out of power,
I think it's really helped us to grasp this privilege
with ultimately resolved and the consolidation of the free.
A chair would like to express his appreciation to the members
of the Council of all of us.
For the very straight years, that helped the way of the staff
and the conduct of their heavy responsibilities.
He would like to express his appreciation to his colleagues.
We are born with the chairmen through many, many long texts.
Over 70, I think 72 degrees back.
I appreciate their cooperation.
I appreciate their assistance.
I expect, in a five-partisan government,
people are going to disagree on prestigious ones in a while.
I don't decry that. I applaud.
We have gone along together here over a long, hard-full
and I want to express my appreciation to those who have been joined
with me in this event.
I would like to express my appreciation to the members of the Council of all of us.
The radio and television people.
But for the two national networks that have carried these hearings
and their entire, to the people,
I think that's going to demonstrate for the future.
A course of action with other committees, ultimately, are going to follow.
I said, and we began, all of us in this committee room
and this end of the table were on the spot.
I said the chair was on the spot.
He said, I'm not too out there.
I said, these committee colleagues were on the spot.
I joined him in that unambiable debate.
I said to our friends in the press court, that they're on the spot.
It's difficult, I know, to report back to the people who meet the faces
the things that they've been all of it.
And hearing all the, I'm sure this is the other report of you all here.
And the chair has no arguments and no formal complaints
by the fine manner in this decree as reported these hearings.
I think it is clear to us all that television kids
are saying, good chef-prone for the press, that's not.
There's a press, and sometimes, perhaps, can be a chef-prone for television.
And so I thank you very much for your diligence.
I thank you for your cooperation.
I join you in a tie of relief that we have come to the end of this unprecedented,
now, Senator McIlon, I recognize you.
Right, Mr. Chairman.
In much of what you have said, I fully agree that's through my appreciation to you.
I'm forward to having, unfortunately, the very first time I've participated in the proceedings
and to, as far as I'm back, you didn't start attending majoring women's meetings.
Most of the time, I am from Charles Sayagher.
That person is one of the most special people.
One of the most beautiful, special purposes that has been gathered by my duty as a proponent.
I have no animosity towards anyone, or any individual we need during the game.
I think I can say without any resolution whatsoever,
but I hold an animosity now to anyone involved in the proceedings.
I would say in the beginning that Mr. Chairman and that we've spoken by a movement in the open lead game,
drop the charges and the countercharges that gave rise to this controversial,
of where I'll such a great nature as to make these proceedings mandatory.
I think that statement was true.
I also said that the charges and the accusations were some biometrics in the conversation,
but as I saw them, they could not possibly be weaponized.
I do not believe the testimony of it has been given there will be only 20,
under the any possible, highly-themed weaponized.
I thought the state of it is beginning in the air in Mr. Chairman,
but we, the Democrats, would hold it hard at least,
undertake to cooperate with an assist in the drive in making these hearings impartial.
Fire and fire.
To the end of that vicious truth, focus true might be revealed.
That focus, that's the stone, that's the rock of the person that I will put my hand down.
No, the Chairman, ask for us.
I hope so.
That's right.